alright here we come to the elevators at
the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the reliant
park and Houston Texas I'm sorry I I
lost my Otis card but I'll show you my
Otis car bar on the phone and that
elevators on peak up so let's take this
one right here before we take it look at
this this is the service elevator and a
public lobby isn't that strange
usually the service elevator is behind
like in a staff area right but first I
want to take this one and there goes the
service elevator 8 wonder what hot these
are Otis these are Otis elevators what
oh my god that's girly alright these are
the elevators of the Crowne Plaza Hotel
a relying party use in Texas it's an
Otis ll these are Adams fixtures TK ng I
do see what do you think of these
elevators aren't these nice or something
or what do you think of these elevators
these are fixtures got an 88 client
phone
I like the Bell taking another ride like
that number right there that's pretty
cool it's pretty old cabin is very nice
there's our original otis named play
right there I like these elevators what
do you think of these elevators TT in G
I do say are these nice or something
let's get a view up here for diesel Lucy
and TJ elevator fan that is where the
service Olivares those indicators I love
those indicators up there well just let
get a little hallway tour there's no
view or anything all right now let's go
back down the one-and-one the video will
read the service oh there's an upload
we'll see if that works there's one that
goes up let's try to take this one right
here I didn't know that there's an up
one
these are Adams fixtures you can see
these are Adams fixtures
this one's about to be here soon Matthew
what do you think of those indicators
oh I guess we got this one right here P
that's locked I guess we'll go back down
to 1 or L he's locked guess that goes up
like into a penthouse or something
probably needs your key to go up to that
floor but these your fixtures just
identical to the other one nice ceiling
up there
let's watch a close-up and there there
goes and that's it look at those
fixtures these are really nice I like
the star alright that's a